Rename "pandas APIs on Spark" to "pandas API on Spark" (#49)
HyukjinKwon/spark: python/docs/source/user_guide/pandas_on_spark/best_practices.rst

---------------------

Pandas APIs on Spark use Spark under the hood; therefore, many features and performance optimization are available
in pandas API on Spark as well. Leverage and combine those cutting-edge features with pandas APIs on Spark.

Existing Spark context and Spark sessions are used out of the box in pandas API on Spark. If you already have your own

> configured Spark context or sessions running, pandas API on Spark use them.

Author: ```suggestion
configured Spark context or sessions running, pandas API on Spark uses them.
```

   import pyspark.pandas as ks
   ...

All Spark features such as history server, web UI and deployment modes can be used as are with pandas API on Spark.
If you are interested in performance tuning, please see also `Tuning Spark <https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/tuning.html>`_.

Check execution plans
---------------------

Expensive operations can be predicted by leveraging PySpark API `DataFrame.spark.explain()`

> before the actual computation since pandas API on Spark are based on lazy execution. For example, see below.

Author: ```suggestion
before the actual computation since pandas API on Spark is based on lazy execution. For example, see below.
```

Whenever you are not sure about such cases, you can check the actual execution plans and
foresee the expensive cases.

> Even though pandas API on Spark try its best to optimize and reduce such shuffle operations by leveraging Spark

Author: ```suggestion
Even though pandas API on Spark tries its best to optimize and reduce such shuffle operations by leveraging Spark
```

Avoid reserved column names
---------------------------

Columns with leading ``__`` and trailing ``__`` are reserved in pandas API on Spark. To handle internal behaviors for, such as, index,

> pandas API on Spark use some internal columns. Therefore, it is discouraged to use such column names and not guaranteed to work.

Author: ```suggestion
pandas API on Spark uses some internal columns. Therefore, it is discouraged to use such column names and not guaranteed to work.
```

Specify the index column in conversion from Spark DataFrame to pandas-on-Spark DataFrame
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> When pandas API on Spark Dataframe are converted from Spark DataFrame, it loses the index information, which results in using

Author: ```suggestion
When pandas-on-Spark Dataframe is converted from Spark DataFrame, it loses the index information, which results in using
```

See `Operations on different DataFrames <options.rst#operations-on-different-dataframes>`_ for more details.

Use pandas API on Spark directly whenever possible
---------------------------------------------------

> Although pandas API on Spark have most of the pandas-equivalent APIs, there are several APIs not implemented yet or explicitly unsupported.

Author: ```suggestion
Although pandas API on Spark has most of the pandas-equivalent APIs, there are several APIs not implemented yet or explicitly unsupported.
```

> As an example, pandas API on Spark do not implement ``__iter__()`` to prevent users from collecting all data into the client (driver) side from the whole cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
As an example, pandas API on Spark does not implement ``__iter__()`` to prevent users from collecting all data into the client (driver) side from the whole cluster.
```

   Helsinki    144.0
   dtype: float64

> However, for pandas API on Spark it do not work as the same reason above.

Author: ```suggestion
However, for pandas API on Spark it does not work as the same reason above.
```
